ACL authorization (#57)
rh-messaging/amq-streams-docs: books/con-kafka-authorization-simple.adoc

The _Kerberos username_ is the primary part of the Kerberos principal, which is used by default when connecting using Kerberos.
You can use the `sasl.kerberos.principal.to.local.rules` property to configure how the Kafka principal is built from the Kerberos principal.

== Authentication of users

> If you wish to use authenticated users in your rules (not `User.ANONYMOUS` principals), set your authentication before you define your authorization rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use authenticated users in your rules (not `User:ANONYMOUS` principals), set your authentication before you define your authorization rules.
```

> If you wish to use authenticated users in your rules (not `User.ANONYMOUS` principals), set your authentication before you define your authorization rules.

Reviewer: TBH this sentence looks a bit weird. What about something like this:

```suggestion
To use authorization, you need to have authentication enabled and used by your clients.
Otherwise all connections will have the principal `User:ANONYMOUS`.
```

[source]
super.users=User:admin,User:operator

> .Replica broker authentication

Reviewer: I would probably replace this while section with something like this:

```
.Replication between brokers

When authorization is enabled, it is applied to all listeners and all connections.
This includes the inter-broker connections used for replication of data between brokers.
When enabling authorization, you need to ensure that you use authentication for inter-broker connections and give the users used by the brokers sufficient rights.
For example, if authentication between brokers uses the `kafka-broker` user, then super user configuration must include the username `super.users=User:kafka-broker`.
```
